Hello everyone! (Bcc'd)

I'm writing to inform you that your talk proposal has been accepted
for the $$ROOMNAME$$ devroom at $$FOSDEM_YEAR$$.



First though, let's get down to business, please read this email in
its entirety.`

If you cannot participate, please let us know ASAP. Please confirm
with us that you will be present on $$DATE$$ in Brussels and prepared
to speak.


A LITTLE ABOUT FOSDEM:
----------------------
FOSDEM is very geared towards free and open source projects. It's a
great place to talk about open source software, new projects,
community efforts, etc. Also, do NOT make sexist or racist jokes in
your presentation, or at all really. FOSDEM is a universal and
welcoming conference, please be respectful to your fellow hackers.


COMMUNICATION:
--------------
We will set up a mailing list for further communication. I will send
further details about it later.
This is how we will coordinate the schedule and keep everybody
informed of what is going on.

You can reach me privately at this email address, or by phone in the
US at $$PHONE$$ (until ~Jan. 28th). I will send everybody my
European mobile number when I get it on Jan. 30th. You can also reach
me via Twitter at @jeffweiss, I'm also "jeffweiss" on the Freenode IRC
network.
Alternatively, you can reach our other fearless devroom manager, R
Tyler Croy, at tyler@monkeypox.org, US mobile at $$PHONE$$, and
"rtyler" on Freenode and EFNet IRC networks.


SCHEDULE:
---------
The devroom will be one day, on February 1st, 2015 from 10:00 to 17:10.

Full talks are 45 minutes total, this means Tyler or I will take 1
minute to introduce you, and you have the remaining time to speak AND
answer questions. Please use the final 5-10 minutes of your timeslot
to answer questions from the audience.

We tried to accept as many proposals as we possibly could, and, as
such, our schedule is *very* tight, with 10 minutes between talks.
Please be courteous to the next speakers and audience and finish
on-time!

We expect to see you in the room at least 10 minutes before your
presentation to make sure you're hooked up, ready to speak at the
scheduled time, and that I get the opportunity to shake your hand and
personally thank you for participating.

Barring some drastic conflict, the tentative schedule is:

$$TENTATIVESCHEDULE$$

MATERIALS:
----------
If you wish to present using your laptop, that is preferred, but you
will be responsible for bringing your *own* VGA adapter cable.

If you do not wish to use your own laptop, you will need to send me a
PDF or LibreOffice-compatible presentation document that I can project
from my own laptop. This must be sent to me *before* I get to the
beer-bash the Friday night before (Jan 30th).


THE ROOM:
---------
We will be located in $$ROOM$$ which has $$SEATS$$ seats. Please keep this
in mind when preparing slides or demos, small fonts will be difficult
to see!

This room will also be recorded and, I believe, live-streamed. Edited
video recordings will be posted to http://video.fosdem.org some time
after the conference by the general FOSDEM staff and volunteers. By
confirming your attendance you agree to have your talk recorded and
posted.


MARKETING:
----------
Tell everybody to come to FOSDEM and see you talk! We want to see all
$$SEATS$$ seats filled all day (and people standing in the hall waiting to
get in)! You're a very important part of FOSDEM, and can be a big help
to get others excited about the conference.

Here are some things you can do to help with getting the word out on
your talk once we've published the schedule:

Post to Twitter/Google+:
  It would be best to publish an announcement right when the schedule
is published ("Yay! I'm speaking in the Testing/Automation devroom at
#FOSDEM! ") and about a week before FOSDEM.
  Extra credit for posting about other people's talks that you want to
see too :)

Blog about it:
  I'm sure most of you have blogs, write up a blog post introducing
your talk, FOSDEM, and
  the devroom itself.

Let your open source community know!
  Send an email to the developers/users mailing lists for the open
source project that's related
  to your talk and let them know you'll be speaking at FOSDEM on the subject!

If you need help proof-reading a blog post or an email, or have links
for us to share, please ask Tyler or me, or on the mailing list once
it is created. We can definitely help.


SOME UNSOLICITED ADVICE:
------------------------
Tyler and I been speaking publicly for a number of years, so here's
some advice that we hope you don't mind reading:

  * Do not wait until your plane/train ride to create your presentation.
    Firstly, everybody in the audience can tell, but more importantly, it does
    the subject matter a disservice and usually ends up poorly communicating
    the content.

  * Font size matters. I would estimate that for the size of the room, if the
    fonts in your slides are less than 1/8th-1/10th the height of the
slide, they
    will be difficult for everybody to see. Please keep this in mind when
    creating content.

 * Rehearse. Please, please please, rehearse your presentation. If you intend
    to fit in the allotted time slot, you *MUST* rehearse your presentation!
    We are sure you can speak very well on the subject matter, but improvising
    your words will result in a lot of "umms" and "uhhhs" that make you
    presentation difficult to follow. When I've rehearsed presentations,
    without fail I've gone back and changed/rearranged my slides to make sure
    the flow of the lecture is going the way I want it to. I guarantee you will
    find things you forgot about, or could explain better when you rehearse!

  * Slow down.
    Most people tend to speak faster under pressure during a presentation, keep
    this in mind when you're timing your rehearsals. FOSDEM is a multicultural
    event where English is not the 1st (or 2nd!) language of many attendees.
    Speaking more slowly will help the audience follow your
presentation (and help
    you relax).

  * Have fun and be comfortable! This is FOSDEM, we are your peers, the most
    important part of your presentation is *YOU*. If you're comfortable and
    passionate about the subject, that makes any presentation enjoyable for the
    audience.


We will be publishing the schedule on the fosdem.org website as soon
as we start to get confirmation from speakers, so confirm as soon as
possible!.

If you have any questions, feel free to ask me directly.

Can't wait to meet you all and have a great time in Brussels!



Cheers,

Jeff Weiss and R Tyler Croy
